New York City spreads out beneath us, gray steel and gleaming glass. Everything about it is familiar, and nothing about it, and I am so very far away from home. They warned me when I started that one day I’d be tired of it. Turns out they were right.

The avian clusters match my pigeon data, and the insects match up with cockroaches. ‘I don’t think I’ve had a decent night’s sleep in five years, and I still have two more to go,’ she says.

We lost two interns on that stop, and we didn't even manage to collect any of the flesh-ripper pigeons. No one signs on as an intern for a trip like this one unless they have a massive death wish or a family that's desperately in need of the survivor's benefits. Still, a hold of trinkets is nothing to sneer at.

The rest of the bridge crew offer their own counterpoints, varied by their parallels of origin. The ones who’ve been with me since the beginning thank the Lightning, and the two we picked up in that weird theologically inverted parallel thank the Thunder. The two who picked up the ship in that strange parallel thank their respective gods.

Not every parallel has a Flatiron Building, but they don't always get built, and once they’re built, they don’t always survive. Some of them have burnt. Others have been bombed. Others were infected by an artificial bacterium. An intact Flatiron is reason to celebrate. The fact that it’s not . is. is.

"Seems stable. Seems stable. That’s… good. Is there a docking station on the roof?" "Negative, captain.” The mammals below us are pointing and stopping as we pass overhead. “It's time to prep the incursion team.’

The Looters are the Cartography Corps, otherwise known as the Looters. When a world gets eaten and a hole opens up, it’s easier for the baklava-eaters to shove their nasty little hands in and pry more pieces loose. Worlds that aren’t watched have a tendency to blink into nothingness.

The Cartography Corps is a joint venture by the governments of nine of the most advanced parallels. They send us resources, crewmen, and supplies, and we launch our airships into the vastness of the universe. We map the baklava, because we can’t tell when things are missing unless we know what’s supposed to be there.

We travel by airship like civilized people, sailing across the endless sea of parallel worlds. We gather trinkets and artifacts as we travel, along with raw materials, tucking them all away in our hold until we can’t carry any more and head for home. Airship contact is inevitable, of course, but it’s not always inevitable, and it's not always pleasant to meet the scholars at the University of the University.

Daphne and Stubby have been running the North American mapping routes since I left home. Part of our job is to verify the location of semi-universal landmarks. Why that building? Why that location? No one really knows, but wow are there a lot of them.

The team is in a single room that takes up most of the lower floor of the hotel. They are playing some sort of dice-game with each other, using precious gems in place of the dice. The effect is not unlike stepping into an unfortunate encounter with a hand grenade, it's like stepping into a room filled with precious gems.

“Hoy, Captain,” says Heloise. “What’s the signal?” asks Tim and Tom. Even Alcestis lifts one arm in the air, waving. These are the people with whom I have been instructed to preserve reality.”

“We don't know local customs, or linguistics, so the first team will consist of the four of you. Try to avoid contact with the government, or causing any branch of law enforcement to be activated. When I call you back, you come. Got it?” asks H. J.

The mapping systems have been running for the last hour, while the incursion team works their way deeper and deeper into the building. This is an English-dominant Manhattan: if we’d found another parallel where the Greeks conquered the world, they wouldn’t be using Greek as their semi-encoded messaging system.

If we’ve lost the incursion team, we won’t be the first and the last, and they all knew the risks when they signed on for this trip . But every death burns, and I don't want to go through this again. I close my eyes for a moment. The swear isn't b. ry races down my spine and curls in my gut.

The release chute is attached to the bottom of our ship, a clever construction of clear glass and metal bands forming an umbilicus tube that extends all the way to the roof of the Flatiron below. I step into the oval opening in the floor, and the wind catches me and pulls  back into Stubby's comfortable embrace.

"There’s air here, all around me, and through the glass walls of the chute, I can see this new Manhattan, familiar and strange at the same time, like something out of a very unsettling dream . Then the roof of the Flatiron Building is visible beneath him, and my incursion team standing around the vent structure for the building's air supply."

One of the locals, a cadaverous man who looks like he's already been killed and resurrected three or four times, is practically vibrating, smiling so broadly that he’s in danger of splitting his lower lip. Another local, a shorter woman with graying hair and a politely bemused expression, asks, “Are you saying these people really came from your, ah, airship up there? From another dimension?”

Alcestis explains, “These nice folks thought we were fans who’d broken into their offices looking for one of their authors.” She explains that they publish science fiction . “Oh sweet Lightning, we fell into one of those,” I mutter. “We can’t take you with us. Living samples are a violation of protocol .”

Cadaver: "We were just hoping you’d sit down for coffee, let us take some notes, while your people explore the city" Woman: “We’ll buy lunch,” says the woman, “For your whole crew” Alcestis.

The ship is still in the air now, but it's not going to be too late for it. It's a good start to the end of the year, and it's the end to the journey. It will be a good time for it, and the end for it’s a long way to go.