Two brothers, one named Cassim and the other Ali Baba, lived by cutting wood and bringing it upon three asses into the town to sell. Cassim married a very rich wife, and became a wealthy merchant. He decided to leave his asses to save himself. He climbed up a large tree, planted on a high rock, whose branches were thick enough to conceal him.

One of the robbers came under the tree in which Ali Baba was concealed. The robbers took off his saddle-bag, which seemed to be full of gold and silver, and hung it around his neck. When the door opened again, he followed them, and made the door shut again of itself.

Ali Baba followed them with his eyes as far as he could see them. Remembering the words the captain of the robbers used to cause the door to open and shut, he had the curiosity to try. He went among the shrubs, and perceiving the door concealed behind them, stood before it and said, "Open, Sesame!" The door instantly flew wide open.

Ali Baba collected as much of the gold coin as he thought his three asses could carry. When he had loaded them with the bags, he laid wood over them in such a manner that they could not be seen. The wife rejoiced greatly at their good fortune, and would count all the gold.

Ali Baba's wife asked her brother-in-law Cassim to lend her a measure for a little while. She asked Cassim for a great measure, but the other asked for a small one. Cassim replied: "I will dig a hole, and bury it. There is no time to be lost"

When Ali Baba was burying the gold, his wife, to show her exactness and diligence to her sister-in-law, carried the measure back again. Envy immediately possessed her breast. She was in inexpressible surprise to find a bit of gold sticking to it. "What!" said she, "has Ali Babi gold so plentiful as to measure it?"

Cassim, after he had married the rich widow, had never treated Ali Baba as a brother, but neglected him; and now, instead of being pleased, he conceived a base envy at his brother's prosperity. He could not sleep all that night, and went to him in the morning before sunrise . "I am surprised at you. You pretend to be miserably poor, and yet you measure gold"

Cassim offered his brother part of his treasure to keep the secret. Ali Baba told him all he desired, even to the very words he was to use to gain admission into the cave. The door immediately opened and, when he was in, closed upon him.

Cassim had never expected such an incident, and was so alarmed at the danger he was in, that the more his memory was confounded, and he had as much forgotten it as if he had never heard it mentioned. He quickly laid as many bags of gold as he could carry at the door of the cave, but still the door would not open.

Cassim heard the noise of the horses' feet, and at once guessed the arrival of the robbers. Alarmed at this, they galloped full speed to the cave. They drove away the mules, who strayed through the forest so far that they were soon out of sight. They found all the bags which Cassim had brought to the door, to be ready to load his mules.

Cassim's wife was very uneasy when night came, and her husband was not returned. She ran to Ali Baba in great alarm, and said, "I believe, brother-in-law, that you know Cassim is gone to the forest, and upon what account. I am afraid some misfortune has happened to him."Ali Baba told her that she need not frighten herself, f. s in, could not get out again. They could not deny the fact of his being there.

Cassim's wife, considering how much it concerned her husband to keep the business secret, was the more easily persuaded to believe her brother-in-law. Ali Baba went to the forest, and when he came near the rock, having seen neither his brother nor his mules on his way, was seriously alarmed at finding so.

Ali Baba was struck with horror at the dismal sight of his brother's body. He went into the cave, to find something to enshroud his remains. Having loaded one of his asses with them, he covered them over with wood. The other two asses he loaded with bags of gold, covering them with wood also as before.

Ali Baba helped to place the body in Cassim's house, again recommended to Morgiana to act her part well, and then returned with his ass. When he came into the court he unloaded the ass, and taking Morgiana aside, said to her, "You must observe an inviolable secrecy"

Ali Baba and his wife were often seen to go between Cassim's and their own house all that day, and to seem melancholy. Nobody was surprised in the evening to hear the lamentable shrieks and cries of the wife and Morgiana, who gave out everywhere that her master was dead. The next day, Morgiana went to an old cobbler whom she knew to be always ready at his stall, and bidding him good morrow, put a piece of gold into his hand.

Baba Mustapha bound his eyes with a handkerchief at the place she had mentioned, and never unloosed his eyes till he had entered the room where she had put the corpse together. "Only come along with me, and fear nothing," she said. After she had finished his task, she blindfolded him again, gave him the third piece of gold as she had promised, and recommended secrecy to him.

Four neighbors carried the corpse to the burying-ground, following the imaun, who recited some prayers. Morgiana, a slave to the deceased, followed in the procession, weeping, beating her breast, and tearing her hair. Ali Ba's melancholy death was concealed and hushed up between Ali Ba and Ali Babi.

Ali Baba removed his few goods openly to his sister's house, in which it was agreed that he should in future live. The money he had taken from the robbers he conveyed thither by night by night. As for Cassim's warehouse, he intrusted it entirely to the management of his eldest son.

One of the robbers said, "I submit to this condition, and think it an honor to expose my life to serve the troop" After this robber had received great commendations from the captain and his comrades, he disguised himself so that nobody would take him for what he was. He said: "Whoever undertakes this business without success, even though the failure arises only from an error of judgment, shall suffer death" He was killed by the robbers.

The robber saluted Baba Mustapha, bidding him good morrow; and perceiving that he was old, said, "Is it possible that one of your age can see so well?" The robber said he wanted to learn his secret: "I do not want to learn your secret, though I can assure you you might safely trust me with it"

Baba Mustapha was led blindfold to the house, and afterward brought back in the same manner. The robber put another piece of gold into his hand, without saying a word, and put them in his purse. He then said, "Come, let me blind your eyes at the same place"

The robber tied his handkerchief over his eyes, and walked by him till he stopped directly at Ali Baba's house. The thief, before he pulled off the band, marked the door with a piece of chalk, which he had ready in his hand. After the robbery, Morgiana went out of the house upon some errand, and upon her return, saw the mark the robber had made.

The robber rejoined his troop in the forest, and recounted to them his success, expatiating upon his good fortune in meeting so soon with the only person who could inform him of what he wanted to know. The captain, after commending his diligence, addressed himself to them all, said, "Comrades, we have no time to lose"

The plan was approved of by all, and they were soon ready. They filed off in parties of two each, and got into the town without being in the least suspected. When they came to the first of the houses which Morgiana had marked, he pointed it out. But the captain observed that the next door was chalked in the same manner, and the same place.

The captain, finding that their design had proved abortive, went directly to their place of rendezvous, and told his troop that they had lost their labor, and must return to their cave. But as the safety of the troop required the discovery of the second intruder into the cave, another of the gang, who promised himself that he should succeed better, presented himself. He went and corrupted Baba Mustapha as the other had done.

The robber, on his return to his company, valued himself much on the precaution he had taken, which he looked upon as an infallible way of distinguishing Ali Baba's house from the others. The captain and his troop were forced to retire a second time, and much more dissatisfied. The robber who had been the author of the mistake underwent the same punishment.

The story is said to have happened in. The captain said, "Now, comrades, nothing can prevent our full revenge, as I am certain of the house" The captain then told the troop to buy mules with large leather mules and mollies to carry out the task.

The robbers had purchased the mules and jars, and as the mouths of the jars were rather too narrow for his purpose, the captain caused them to be widened. After having put one of his men into each, with the weapons which he thought fit, he rubbed the jars on the outside with oil from the full vessel. He led them through the streets, till he came to the door of Ali Baba's.

Ali Baba had seen the captain of the robbers in the forest, and had heard him speak. He told him he should be welcome, and immediately opened his gates for the mules to go into the yard. After they had finished supper, he charged Morgiana afresh to take care of his guest.

Abdalla asked Morgiana to set on the pot for the broth, but there was no more oil in the house, nor any candles. He said to each man: "As soon as I throw some stones out of the chamber window where I lie, do not fail to come out, and I will immediately join you"

Morgiana found that her master Ali Baba had admitted thirty-eight robbers into his house, and that this pretended oil merchant was their captain. She poured enough into every jar to stifle and destroy the robber within. She was surprised at finding a man in the jar instead of the oil she wanted, but felt the importance of keeping silence.

The captain of the robbers got up, opened the window, and, finding no light and hearing no noise or any one stirring in the house, gave the appointed signal. When this action, worthy of the courage of Morgiana, was executed without any noise, as she had projected, she returned into the kitchen with the empty kettle.

Ali Baba's plot to murder him and plunder his house was discovered by Morgiana. He found all his gang dead; and, enraged to despair at having failed in his design, forced the lock of a door that led from the yard to the garden. When Morgiana saw him depart, she went to bed, satisfied and pleased to have succeeded so well.

"Do not be afraid," said Morgiana, "the man you see there can neither do you nor anybody else any harm" Ali Baba examined all the jars, one after another, and when he came to that which had the oil in it, found it prodigiously sunk, and stood for some time motionless, sometimes looking at the jars and sometimes at Morgiana.

Ali Baba's life was saved by the death of his wife. He said: "God, by your means, has delivered me from the snares of these robbers" The story was told by the widow of her husband, who was killed in the battle of the day.

Ali Baba hid the jars and weapons; and as he had no occasion for the mules, he sent them at different times to be sold in the market by his slave. The warehouse was not long in doing. The captain of the forty robbers returned to the forest with inconceivable mortification.

Ali Baba's son was one of the first to converse with Cogia Housain. He was so much straitened for want of room in his son's house that he could not. He asked his son to come and see him, but he refused. He said he wanted to see his son again, and that he would be happy to see him again.

The story of the Forty Thieves is said to have occurred in the early years of the Baba era. The Baba family of Baba and the Thieves is known as the Babas and the Babans. They are said to be the greatest thieves in the world, the most famous group of thieves in modern times.

Cogia Houssain offered to take his leave, but Ali Baba's son took him by the hand, and forced him in. The boy's father thanked him for all the favors he had done his son, adding, withal, the obligation was the greater.

Ali Baba told his wife to put no salt in the meat that was to be dressed that night. She said: "I can eat no victuals that have any salt in them; therefore judge how I should feel at your table" The story is said to have been told by the author of the novel "The Last Friday, The Last Saturday, in the U.S. The Last Friday"

Morgiana dressed herself neatly with a suitable headdress like a dancer. She girded her waist with a silver-gilt girdle, to which there hung a poniard with a hilt. She said: "I am not in the least amazed" that this wicked man, who is my master's greatest enemy, would eat no salt with him.

Morgiana disguised herself with a mask and guard of the same metal, and put a handsome mask on her face. She said to Abdalla, "Take your tabor, and let us go and divert our master and his son's friend" Cogia Houssain pretended to be obliged to Ali Baba for it, and had the complaisance that he was obliged to him for it.

Morgiana danced in such a manner as would have created admiration in any company. She outdid herself by the many different figures, light movements, and the surprising leaps and wonderful exertions with which she accompanied it. At last, she snatched the . tabor from Abdalla with her left hand, and . holding the dagger in her right presented the . other side of the tbor.

Morgiana plunged the poniard into the heart of Cogia Houssain, who had pulled his purse out of his bosom to make her a present. Ali Baba and his son, shocked at this action, cried out aloud. "It was to preserve, not to ruin you," said Morgiana.

The story is said to have taken place in the same place in France in the 17th century. The captain of the robbers was killed by Cogia Houssain, who had tried to take his life again. He buried the captain and his comrades in a private burial.

Ali Baba did not visit the robber's cave for a whole year, as he supposed the other two, whom he could get no account of, might be alive. Nobody discovered their bones till many years after, when no one had any concern in the publication of this remarkable history. The Forty Thieves' remains were found in the cave of the cave.

He entered the cavern, judged that nobody had been there since the captain had fetched the goods for his shop. He put as much gold into his saddle-bag as his horse would carry, and returned to town. Some years later he carried his son to the cave, and taught him the secret. He handed down the secret to his posterity, who, using their good fortune with moderation, lived in great honor and splendor.