A widow had an only son whose name was Aladdin. Aladdin did what he could to earn some pennies, by picking bananas in faraway places. A stranger asked Aladdin what he would like to earn him a silver penny. The stranger helped Aladdin lift the manhole cover, for it was very heavy and heavy.

"Too bad for you," snapped the stranger, slamming down the manhole cover, never noticing that, as he did so, a ring slid off his finger. Aladdin's eyes became used to the gloom, he saw a wonderful sight: trees dripping with glittering jewels, pots of gold and caskets full of priceless gems.

Aladdin was left in pitch darkness, wondering what the wizard would do next. Then he trod on the ring and twisted it round and round. Suddenly the room was flooded with a rosy light and a great genie with clasped hands appeared on a cloud. Aladdin could only stammer: "I want to go home!"

The genie appeared to the boy and his mother. He bowed respectfully, awaiting Aladdin's orders. Aladdin gulped, then said: "Bring us a lovely big meal" The widow and her son had everything they could wish for: food, clothes and a fine home. From that day on Aladdin grew into a tall handsome young man.

The Sultan was easily persuaded by a casket full of diamonds to admit the widow to the palace. However, when he learned why she had come, he told the widow that her son must bring proof of his power and riches. Aladdin however,when he heard the news, was not at all dismayed. He picked up the lamp, rubbed it harder than ever and told the genie what he required.

The genie told Aladdin to build a great, splendid palace for Halima. When he saw all thls the next day, the Sultan was taken aback. He never imagined such wealth could exist. Only his mother knew it and only his mother . Only Aladdin had always kept his secret to himself.

Aladdin and the Sultan were at their wits' end. Nobody knew what had happened with the magic lamp. As he wept over the lost genie, he remembered the genie of the ring from the wizard's finger. Slipping the ring on his finger, Aladdin twisted it round and round. In a flash, he found himself inside his own palace.

Aladdin hunted for the lamp high and low, but it was nowere to be seen. The genie grinned with pleasure, nodded his head, and the wizard vanished. The princess, now his servant, clutched Aladdin in fear: "What's going on?" Aladdin replied: "I'm glad to see you again."

Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp and said to the genie, "Take my wife, myself and the palace b.  Who is that genie?" The princess asked timidly, thinking of her father, so far away. The magic that brought you here will take you back, but with me at your side, forever.

Aladdin and Halima rushed to embrace the Sultan. "In a flash, Sire. ack to our own land, as fast as you can," replied the genie. To this very day, in that distant country, you can still admire the traces of an ancient palace.