"Old Riddler" was a gnome who lived underground for the greater part of his time. His real name was unknown to the people in that part of the country where he lived. He would propound his conundrums to the country people, who sometimes guessed them, but not often.

The old gnome took such a pleasure in telling the answers to his riddles that no kind-hearted person would deprive him of it by trying to solve them. The gnomes knew that they would please him better by giving them up. There were thousands of ways in which the gnomes could benefit the country-folks.

A person of great influence in his tribe would take a company of gnomes under the garden of some one to whom he wished to do a favor. One day he made up a splendid riddle, and, after he had told it to all the gnomes, he hurried up to propound it to some human person. He was in such haste that he actually forgot his hat, although it was late in the fall.

Old Riddler asks Lois why a ship full of sailors, at the bottom of the sea, is like the price of beef. Lois replies: "Because it's sunk. Because it has gone down" "Now, pay attention to the answer: because it has sunk," says the gnome.

Lois, a goose-girl, scratched her head and said, "I make 'em" Lois replied: "I'm out here all day with these geese, and I haven't anything else to do, and so I make riddles" Lois gave Old Riddler a riddle: "If roofs of houses were flat instead of slanting, why would the rain be like a chained dog?"

The goose-girl was touched by the old man's earnestness and his gentle tones. When he went home, the old gnome told his son about Lois, and tried to impress on his mind. Nearly all that night Huckl thought Lois was a rough country girl, but she would never guess another riddle.

Huckleberry thought about what his father had told him. But not at all as Old Riddler intended he should. The first person he saw was a very small girl playing under a big oak-tree. The small girl saw the young gnome and drew back, standing up as close against the tree as she could get.

"What is the dif-fer-ence be-tween a mag-nan-i-mous ship-mate and the top-most leaf-let on your grand-mo-ther's bar-ber-ry bush?" "I can't guess it," said the small girl, who was now beginning to lose her fear of the funny little fellow. "I'm not old enough."

Huckleberry, Fair Lady of Renown, wrote a series of riddles. He asked people to guess his riddles, but there were no answers, and that made him mad. He said: "As there's no answer, it don't matter. I begin a good many of my best riddles with the elephant"

Father made it, and everybody thinks it's one of his best, but it's really a riddle. There was once a fair lady of renown who was engaged to be married to a prince. She threw a wolf-skin on the back of one of the fieriest of the chargers, and springing on him, she dashed away. As she was dashing away, she found she couldn't steer the animal, and he didn't go any where near the prince's palace, but galloped on, and on,

The prince was angry when the wedding party had waited, and waited, for the wedding-party to get ready for him to get married. He got angry at the party and got angry, and the prince got married to another lady. Nobody knows where the fair lady of renown went to.

Huckleberry wanted to teach somebody something, and here she's gone to sleep. I wish I could find that goose-girl. If father could teach her something, I'm sure I could. So he went walking through the fields, and pretty soon he saw Lois. He skipped up to her as lively as a cricket.

The next time you hear a riddle that you think the owner has no answer for, guess it for him, if you can. If a thing gives you pleasure, it's very likely that it will give somebody else pleasure. So let somebody else have a chance, and the next time . guess it, Lois said.

"I'll have nothing more to do with riddles as long as I live," she says. The story ends with the discovery of the mystery behind the wheel of wheels in the garden of Gwyneth Piazza. She said: "I don't know what's going to happen to me. I don't want it to happen again"